📝 Add information about the project (#30)
Kludex/fastapi-microservices: README.md

* [Tilt](https://tilt.dev/) - A multi-service dev environment for teams on Kubernetes.
* [Skaffold](https://skaffold.dev/) [Optional] - Easy and Repeatable Kubernetes Development.

## Installation

It's possible to develop either with [Skaffold](https://skaffold.dev/) or [Tilt](https://tilt.dev/).
You should check how to install either of those, but for now I recommend Tilt.

After installing the above, you should be able to run the following:

``` bash
minikube start
tilt up
```

In case you've chosen Skaffold:

``` bash
minikube start
skaffold run --port-forward
```

**The project generator is under development.**

For now, you can play with the first user being `admin@admin.com` / `password` .

## Why creating this project?

I've seen a lot of projects and tutorials using FastAPI. Which is awesome, and it makes me happy!

Unfortunately, there were few that I could take as reference. 😅

The only one that I've used for that purpose for a long time was the mentioned "full-stack-fastapi-postgresql". But as the time passed, I started to have my own vision about how a FastAPI project should be organized, and which technologies should be used as recommendation.

> As a disclaimer, currently, I'm [very active in the FastAPI community](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/fastapi-people/#experts).

Author: ```suggestion
As a disclaimer, I'm [very active in the FastAPI community](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/fastapi-people/#experts).
```

> As a disclaimer, currently, I'm probably the [most active person in the FastAPI community](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/fastapi-people/#experts).

Author: ```suggestion
As a disclaimer, currently, I'm [very active in the FastAPI community](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/fastapi-people/#experts).
```
